listen the Johno meghan trainor married
juni from Spy Kids I just got a video
where this dude was busting moves like
the thumbs head back in the day and even
read a press release for her new album
that was a TMI but I also bring this up
because Robert Rodriguez's new movie
feels like he was just remaking Spy Kids
but with a bigger budget now that
wouldn't be so much of a bad thing
because those movies were my childhood
like everyone nowadays is talking about
representation and getting their own
version of a superhero while
Latinos had the og Fantastic Four
whoopin Figgins Loops foo Glee's back in
the day but as much as I respect Robert
Rodriguez and James Cameron's crazy
imagination this is a warrior who has to
find her humanity we need a movie like
this right now you always need a movie
like this front no we let me explain now
like I said I respect the hell out of
Rodriguez this man sold his literal
blood to fund his early movies he has
one of the best books out there about
filmmaking he's made future Criterion
films but man was this movie a stream if
for me I don't think it's bad but
there's a bunch of big-budget
world-building movies that have been
coming out recently that just flop and
they don't even feel like the movie has
even started with their story like
Aleta's based off of a manga with nine
volumes they've already kind of skimmed
through the first four in order to tell
you this story and if they're thinking
of continuing it with sequels they're
off to a rough start and that's where
the budget confuses me right like yeah
Papa Cameron is like John Hammond when
it comes to movie budgets I spent no
expense but a hundred and seventy
million dollars for production I'm sure
there are a lot of fans out there right
but like The Avengers don't even use
that much when they're dealing with one
of them even when they have that many
people at least as a stat cast to
attract some Alita and then on top of
the 170 who knows how much it was for
the two years of advertising that
they've done i felt like they've been
promoting this movie for so long there
was an ad for it in spy kids 3d of
course you can see where the money's
going to right there's a lot of
beautiful behind the scenes to it you
know I'm not a big fan of 3d but I can
see where they put it in there I'm just
always asking right but where's the
money coming from there is an anime
adaptation that was done in the 90s in
case that one piques your interest but
spoilers for the rest of this video as I
tried to figure out if this story was
really worth this much so the movie
begins with Academy Award winner
Christoph Waltz pulling a wall-e at the
junk
yard supposedly Aleta had been trashed
for 300 years and luckily nobody else
has found this incredible technology or
it didn't even get buried so dr. Dyson
sucks up her body parts and starts
reconstructing her as you may have heard
a father wanting to bring back his
deceased child has been a running theme
in Hollywood for whatever reason the
last couple of months so dr. Octavius
actually uses this robots brain to try
and recreate his deceased daughter by
plugging her into the spare body that he
had for his daughter it's the future he
even gives her the daughters Dora the
Explorer clothes and even the daughter's
name Aleta and while I get that she
looks like what every anime fan wants to
be I never really got why her eyes are
so big I guess it was to see who she was
fighting but like can you imagine if
Aleta had to put on contacts which I
know she's a robot she doesn't eat them
but Aleta also eats so I literally don't
know where that crap goes both ways the
problem with dr. Dyson is that he's
taking Morell's and Tory Lanez in this
universe like not only did he lose his
daughter jigsaw style where it was
actually a patient who came in and
killed his loved one but his wife also
left them to be with the higher ups man
doesn't even get paid for the human
repairs that he's doing what do legite
comes in and pays them in fruit fruit
even a pseudo daughter who's walking
around in a Mean Girls shirt is doing
everything to get away from him she ends
up meeting this dude who looks like he's
6 and 26 at the same time and he's
trying to protect her not realizing that
Elite is made of real steel they come
across these bounty hunters who for
whatever reason keep the skin on their
faces even though the rest of them is
metal but you know I guess they paid for
the actor so you know but there's like
so many other questions I have when it
comes to this world
like why does ed skrein play an assassin
that has a Mayan calendar on his back
considering that would have ended in
2012 how the hell was Kristoff doing any
damage walking around looking like the
Underminer with that thing and also why
did Jai Courtney come out of retirement
just to appear in this movie for a
whopping 5 seconds I got to know
everything that went into having Jai
Courtney therefore like oh you know
it was just that character is important
in later stories so he thought well it's
hard to cast somebody that's just gonna
be there for a blink
but he'll try and convince them you know
that there would be a part later it's
kind of a strange proposition you know
but joy was so great he was oh yeah
thanks to her new friends Elite is able
to find an old ship that lets her
remember a little bit about her past and
the boy she loved before but it turns
out that she was in fact a battle angel
that fought 300 years ago during the war
between planet Earth and Mars before I
even got the chance to figure out why
there was a war between Earth and Mars I
realized that Aleta was fighting for
Mars on the moon so is Aleta the villain
obviously since they're setting up a
sequel prequel and a theme park they
tell you absolutely nothing else about
her past
instead we jump into an action scene
where she beats up all of these
assassins and a kids gap shirt and her
goal then becomes to enter at least
Salem which is the Mars city that's
stationed over there slums because she
believes that will answer all of the
questions that the audience are looking
for while she's on her quest do that
though this Wilson Fisk's eyes cyborg
who she messed with earlier in the movie
appears again looking like scrappy-doo
in his new suit I love Selita one thing
that really surprised me is that we've
all seen those Alita posters and
obviously since she has big eyes were
drawn to that area and we've seen that
like read better bro it's dogs blood
like that big cyborg straight stomped on
Toto was a dog who's been around the
whole movie and lets first instinct
was to mark her face with the dead dog's
blood we want to see some teardrops
headed for the sequel Jackie Earle Haley
cyborg didn't rips her apart as they
battled underground and let me tell you
I've seen Jordan play with the fool I've
seen chilling pitch with a bloody ankle
but never in my life have I seen a girl
missing three limbs karate kick a big
mofo like Aleta did and win this fight
luckily dr. Dyson arrives in time and
reluctantly transfers Aleta's head over
to her new body she found finally giving
her the energy and strength she needs to
bet yeah and then I checked my watch and
it was still an hour and 20 minutes led
to this movie I'll say this about the 3d
here right since I watched it in IMAX
cuz you know I'm a sucker for IMAX and I
had no choice but to wear those aviators
they gave you because it wasn't 3d I'll
say that I was swatting all over this
movie like even though I'm not the
biggest fan of 3d I
didn't think it was terrible it was able
to add death to the locations but they
kept doing this thing where they had a
lot of characters walking in the
foreground on the screen which was cool
at the beginning but then it ended up
looking like a bunch of people were
getting up in front of me to leave and
they were covering the bottom of the
screen as they were walking out but then
I remembered nobody showed up to begin
with we learned a little bit about Nova
who's supposed to be this immortal being
up in solemn who is able to control
other cyborgs and possess their bodies
so he can spy on people anywhere and so
he goes after dr. Dyson's wife Sharon
who one is sporting the same look her
husband had in another movie and two is
willing to do anything because after the
death of her daughter she wants to go up
to zalem
now I'm fully convinced that Nova who
again we know very little of is somehow
also hacked into Aleta but again we
won't find out about that until like
Avatar 4 so the movie then decides to
stop the action and becomes a teen
romance for a bit does it bother you
that I'm not human you are the most
human person I have ever met
I'd give you my heart that was pretty
intense though okay so for starters I've
seen some people's think pieces that
this is like a transgender story because
of that line she says they're at the
beginning and while I personally think
there are way better ones out there for
the community if this one with it being
a big blockbuster is something that
connects with you then you know what
that's cool but secondly Alina what are
you doing giving a boy your heart this
girl really took out her organs for her
boyfriend which he just met could run
away from her to another city girl no
wonder you ended up in a junkyard with
that logic they end up coming up with a
plan to win at this motor ball
tournament which will give them a
one-way ticket to zalem
well I'm not saying that I was expecting
a whole Quidditch breakdown considering
that this is like a brand-new sport we
don't know nothing about I would have
appreciated it there comes a point in
that match where no one's even going for
the ball to score but everyone there is
actually set up to kill Aleta
so like the announcers the rats and the
audience are well aware they're
witnessing a hit going on in the stadium
they're like no flags on the field to
call a penalty Aleta ends up escaping
because obviously she's Aleta and goes
to help Hugo since Nova has put out a
hit on both of them and he sadly gets
killed by a hit man but not really Aleta
does end up using her heart to revive
Hugo long enough in order to get him
back to the lab so dr. Dyson can make
him his own body and Aleta meanwhile put
some flexi tape on her wounds defeat
some goons and realizes that her mission
way back in the day was in fact to not
go live in zalem but to take out nova
who's being played by Edward Norton
before she could even get up there to
fight Club him Hugo takes his new body
out for a spin and he tries climbing up
zalem and dies again brought you get one
per movie Alito then goes back to the
mortal ball tourney where she points her
sword to the sky
praying to the execs that they greenlit
the seal or you know give them money to
Denny in the do remake thank you guys
for checking out this video again my
verdict is it's weird to spend so much
money for what ends up being a streaming
in my opinion you know my girlfriend
thought it was around two and she liked
it a lot more than I do
did a lot of other people overseas are
loving it but I felt like for two hours
for it to end right where the story
seems like it should actually be
beginning it's crazy
200 million plus for a setup yo wallet I
am curious to see if they continue the
series because like I said I don't hate
the world I just wish we knew more about
how it worked you know it's like when
you visit a nice city you want to go
back you just wish the people were more
interesting and that there was no Jai
Courtney but I already know this could
be defenders for it out there and also
be were gonna be like of course she
needs to food the Adams created and it
uses all our energy she needs the eyes
because she's a fighter sure it still
doesn't make any sense but yeah I'm
putting that there cuz I can guarantee
you're gonna see those comments down
below from the Alita defenders speaking
of which I will say the best scene in
the movie hands down was when a lead us
having our emotional moment and his girl
for whatever reason like again this two
hundred million dollars for this for the
stakes that means that they gotta
animate this right here she straight up
fruit and Inge's her tear that's where
the money was going in for this I'm
curious to know your guys thoughts down
below did you care for it did you feel
like it was just beginning are you
actually excited for the other four that
are coming out any of your thoughts down
below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you your own thump thump